To set file and folder permissions in Windows, follow these steps.
First of all, just create a folder on the desktop,
right-click and then select "New",
and then "Folder", easy as that.
You can rename it to be whatever you want.
With the new folder created,
right-click on it, select "Give access to".
This point I'm just going to give access to Jill.
In the Network Access window that pops up,
select, "Yes, share the items".
This now shares the folder with Jill.
To ensure that users have full access to the folder as opposed to
just read-only access, right-click again,
I encourage you practice right-clicking on things instead of left clicking,
right-click highlight properties and click on it.
Click on the "Sharing" tab and then select "Share".
From this window you can choose people to share with.
As you can see, Jill right now just has read access,
and we want her to have read and write,
meaning she can change this file.
Click the "Share" button when you're done, click "Done".
Now this whatever folder is shared with Jill.
You can take the opposite approach to remove file-sharing as well from users,
which you may need to do in a future exercise.